src/content.md, before:

## Aerospace Engineer
### Austin, TX 
Aspiring Aerospace Engineer with both systems engineering design and software experience. 
- - -
## Education
### The University of Texas at Austin, May 2018
Bachelor of Science - Aerospace Engineering Honors

## Projects

### Planet, Summer 2017
As an engineering intern at [Planet](https://www.planet.com), I had the opportunity to work with functioning satellite GPS receivers to characterize and improve their on-orbit performance. I implemented signal quality measuring and reporting in a production enviroment to assist in orbital determination. Planet also provided me with the chance to fulfill a childhood dream, control a satellite. I planned, tested, and executed on-orbit tests of GPS capture techniques to combat RF interference. I also worked with flat-sats to test and develop the next generation receiver for Planet's satellites.

### GNSS Reference Network, Spring 2017 
I worked with Dr. Todd Humphreys in the UT [Radionavigation Lab](https://rnl.ae.utexas.edu/) designing and building a network of GNSS reference stations for use around the city of Austin. This includes the fabrication and assembly of the physical ground-station itself, as well as the wiring and soldering of the electronic componets required. It has been a challenge to maintain the availability of the ground-stations during adverse Texas weather. Other issues that need to be overcome characterizing exactly the properties of the receiver, which requires extensive testing and analysis.

### Extended GNSS, Fall 2016
Lockheed-Martin recently released key design and testing documents that detail how their GPS satellites perform. Using this data, I am working on testing the limits of GPS availability. Currently, Low Earth Orbit satellites are able to determine their position and velocity using GPS signals, but how high up could the GPS system work? I implemented a signal propagation model that includes calculating transmission and reception angles based on observed satellite positions and their calculated attitude. This model allows the received power of a GPS signal to be estimated at a particular location, which in combination with known receiver characteristics, can be used to determine observability. This is a work in progress ([here](https://github.com/cullenself/ExtendedGNSS)), but it currently seems that using GPS on the moon is impossible.

### Satellite Visibility Simulation, Fall 2017
Working with a team of undergraduate researchers under Dr. Brandon Jones, I began the development of a new type of numerical integrator. The project as a whole is geared towards simulating what a telescope on the ground would see if two satellites collide and breakup - this requires work in many different fields. Our team studied shader models for computer visualization, the propagation of light, telescope optics, and the physics of collisions. My work specifically was to tackle the forward propagation of a system state; that is, given an initial set of parameters and a model for how the system evolves, what will it look like in the future? I worked to implement a novel multirate additive Runge-Kutta system to account for both the fast and slow moving dynamics of the system.

### Horizon, Fall 2016
Since GNSS satellites orbit over most of the sky, keeping a log of where satellites are seen by a stationary receiver reveals distinct features on the horizon. I processed through a month's worth of observational data and plotted the visible satellites to reveal a panorama of the paths satellites take as they fly overhead. More information can be found [here](http://github.com/cullenself/horizon).

### UAV Avionics, 2014-2015
As part of a team tasked with designing and building a small quadcopter, I developed and configured all flight control software. This involved fabricating a test stand, and implementing a quality control system to experimentally verify stability. Ultimately, I was responsible for making sure the quadcopter flew.

### Others
I have a few other projects up on my GitHub [page](http://github.com/cullenself), including practice work in a few languages and this website.

## Skills
### Languages
- C
- C++
- Java
- Matlab
- Mathematica
- Markdown
- Python
- Ruby

### Software
- Git
- LaTeX
- Linux
- Microsoft Office
- STK
- Windows

## Things I'm Interested In
- Orbit Estimation & Filtering
- Statistical Uncertainty
- UAV Swarm Dynamics
- System Management

## Hobbies
- Climbing
- Playing Piano 
- Reading
- Cooking

- - -

Commit message:

Update content (add Football project)

src/content.md, after:

## Aerospace Engineer
### Austin, TX 
Aspiring Engineer with both systems engineering and software design experience. 
- - -
## Education
### The University of Texas at Austin, May 2018
Bachelor of Science - Aerospace Honors Engineering, *Cum Laude*

## Projects

### Fantasy Football, Fall 2018
During the NFL preseason, my friends and I found new, simple format to play Fantasy Football: each participant drafts a number of professional teams, and whoever has accumulated the most wins at the end of the regular season between their teams, wins. Rather than try to track this week to week manually, I developed a [website](http://fantasy.cullenself.com) that displays the current standings of our league. Using a non-commercial [API](https://mysportsfeeds.com), the leaderboard displays weekly upcoming, in-progress, and completed games. The [project](https://github.com/cullenself/fantasy) was an excellent opportunity to develop various web development skills.

### Planet, Summer 2017
As an engineering intern at [Planet](https://www.planet.com), I had the opportunity to work with functioning satellite GPS receivers to characterize and improve their on-orbit performance. I implemented signal quality measuring and reporting in a production enviroment to assist in orbital determination. Planet also provided me with the chance to fulfill a childhood dream, control a satellite. I planned, tested, and executed on-orbit tests of GPS capture techniques to combat RF interference. I also worked with flat-sats to test and develop the next generation receiver for Planet's satellites.

### GNSS Reference Network, Spring 2017 
I worked with Dr. Todd Humphreys in the UT [Radionavigation Lab](https://rnl.ae.utexas.edu/) designing and building a network of GNSS reference stations for use around the city of Austin. This includes the fabrication and assembly of the physical ground-station itself, as well as the wiring and soldering of the electronic componets required. It has been a challenge to maintain the availability of the ground-stations during adverse Texas weather. Other issues that need to be overcome characterizing exactly the properties of the receiver, which requires extensive testing and analysis.

### Extended GNSS, Fall 2016
Lockheed-Martin recently released key design and testing documents that detail how their GPS satellites perform. Using this data, I am working on testing the limits of GPS availability. Currently, Low Earth Orbit satellites are able to determine their position and velocity using GPS signals, but how high up could the GPS system work? I implemented a signal propagation model that includes calculating transmission and reception angles based on observed satellite positions and their calculated attitude. This model allows the received power of a GPS signal to be estimated at a particular location, which in combination with known receiver characteristics, can be used to determine observability. This is a work in progress ([here](https://github.com/cullenself/ExtendedGNSS)), but it currently seems that using GPS on the moon is impossible.

### Satellite Visibility Simulation, Fall 2017
Working with a team of undergraduate researchers under Dr. Brandon Jones, I began the development of a new type of numerical integrator. The project as a whole is geared towards simulating what a telescope on the ground would see if two satellites collide and breakup - this requires work in many different fields. Our team studied shader models for computer visualization, the propagation of light, telescope optics, and the physics of collisions. My work specifically was to tackle the forward propagation of a system state; that is, given an initial set of parameters and a model for how the system evolves, what will it look like in the future? I worked to implement a novel multirate additive Runge-Kutta system to account for both the fast and slow moving dynamics of the system.

### Horizon, Fall 2016
Since GNSS satellites orbit over most of the sky, keeping a log of where satellites are seen by a stationary receiver reveals distinct features on the horizon. I processed through a month's worth of observational data and plotted the visible satellites to reveal a panorama of the paths satellites take as they fly overhead. More information can be found [here](http://github.com/cullenself/horizon).

### UAV Avionics, 2014-2015
As part of a team tasked with designing and building a small quadcopter, I developed and configured all flight control software. This involved fabricating a test stand, and implementing a quality control system to experimentally verify stability. Ultimately, I was responsible for making sure the quadcopter flew.

### Others
I have a few other projects up on my GitHub [page](http://github.com/cullenself), including practice work in a few languages and this website.

## Skills
### Languages
- C
- C++
- Java
- Javascript
- Matlab
- Mathematica
- Python
- Ruby

### Software
- Git
- LaTeX
- Linux
- Microsoft Office
- Markdown
- STK
- Windows

## Things I'm Interested In
- Orbit Estimation & Filtering
- Statistical Uncertainty
- UAV Swarm Dynamics
- System Management

## Hobbies
- Climbing
- Piano 
- Reading
- Cooking

- - -
